Then I'd like to see
You can help us in the Chinese scientific community
What loss?
This old man in this island country is so arrogant
It's our fault that we lie
But you can't rise to
The level of the Chinese scientific community
Isn't that bullying?
My dad didn't lie
My dad is a great scientist
Chief Engineer
big scientist
Joke the police
Don't think we didn't cross you.
You are just a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
A little researcher
What a moral turpitude
He even lied to his own daughter
A little researcher.
He actually said he was the chief engineer
Just ridiculous
Parents, today you have to apologize and apologize.
Apologize if you don't apologize
Runway, see what you can do with me, pro-French
Do you believe it or not?
I say a word
Get you out of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Make you famous in the Chinese science and technology circle
That's right, our teacher.
Meet your chairperson Le of Huaguo Investment
Just a word from him
I can get you out of the Chinese Academy of Sciences obediently
Happy Children of China Investment
This is a grown-up
As expected of a Nobel Prize winner
Sure enough, his hands and eyes are in the sky
I'm afraid this kid mentioned the steel plate
Breeze
Le Dong is a big shot rated by Director Li
You won't really be famous by the Academy of Sciences, will you?
I'm afraid not to mention a chairperson
The president of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
You can't get rid of me
Arrogant